Joy reorg (#8)
arcus/education-modules: how_to.md

As part of our FAIR methodology, we give our materials away free of charge and free of limits on their use, as long as proper citation is given.  You may not include proprietary data or intellectual property in your module, limit your module's use to only your institution, or promote commercial tools or resources that you have financial interest in.  In our use of the FAIR principles we prioritize whenever possible the use of and instruction in free, open-source software (FOSS) rather than commercial products.  If you would like to create a module teaching the use of a commercial resource, consider whether FOSS products can provide as good or better a research experience, with as good or greater FAIR data outcomes.  For example, Microsoft Excel is paid software (perhaps less accessible in lower resourced settings) in which data analytics is not particularly reusable (a script in R or Python can capture all of the steps of an analysis while an Excel spreadsheet cannot).  Instead of describing how to do a task in Excel, describe how to do it in a FOSS alternative instead, such as R within the RStudio IDE.
</details>

<details>
<summary>Inclusive Design</summary><br/>

> We expect authors to design with a variety of ["edge" users](https://guide.inclusivedesign.ca/activities/inclusivedesignmapping) in mind: those with limited access to visual content or auditory content, those with barriers related to attention, cognition, sensory processing, or language, and those with limited technology access and/or financial resources.  Wherever possible we encourage a multi-modal approach to education, such that no instruction relies solely on a single type of communication (text, video, audio, images, code) but provides several ways to engage with materials.  Our [inclusivity guidelines can be found below](#Inclusivity_Guidelines).

Reviewer: broken link

A module in this project will be brief (one hour or less) and therefore of limited, well-described scope.  Consider not only what you teach about, but what you intentionally exclude.  It may be useful to map a plan of 2, 3, or more modules that teach related skills and together provide broad coverage, but remember that modules are freestanding.  Modules can describe pre-requisite skills, but cannot ask learners to have acquired the necessary skills from other modules.  For example, a module covering the use of n-grams in NLP should not include a pre-requisite such as "previous completion of the module Introduction to NLTK in Python", but could include "previous experience with NLTK and the ability to ingest text data in Python", perhaps with a link to a related module for learners who would like to acquire such experience there.

> ## Begin Writing

Reviewer 2: Good catch! I just fixed it.

When you're ready to request approval, create a Pull Request in GitHub, asking to merge your branch into main.  Include a comment describing the module.  An administrator of the repository will create a new Issue in the repository, citing your PR.  The administrator will apply the [module checklist included below](#Module_Review_Checklist) and may reply with requests for updates or improvements in the form of a [Module Quality Assurance Report](#Module_Quality_Assurance_report) within issue comments.  Feel free to conduct a conversation through the comments on the issue, which will endure in time, while your PR will not.  Comments on the issue are a better practice for historical records.

Once any outstanding improvements are addressed, the administrator checking your module will approve the PR with a squash and merge and delete your branch.  Congratulations, your module is now part of the portfolio of educational modules for the project!

## Checklists and Reports

### Inclusivity Guidelines

> This is a working document articulating our goals and standards for creating content that will be valuable and accessible to as wide a range of users as possible. Specifically, we are designing with a variety of ["edge" users](https://guide.inclusivedesign.ca/activities/inclusivedesignmapping) in mind: those with limited access to visual content or auditory content, those with barriers related to attention, cognition, sensory processing, or language, and those with limited technology access and/or financial resources. A core principle is to allow users as much flexibility as possible to configure their learning experiences to meet their own needs and preferences.

Reviewer: broken link

> The guidelines presented here are inspired by several other guides including the [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines WCAG21](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/quickref) and [The Inclusive Learning Design Handbook](https://handbook.floeproject.org/approachesoverview). Recommendations specific to educational videos can be found [here](https://ctl.wiley.com/how-to-ensure-accessibility-for-educational-videos/).

Reviewer: broken link

Reviewer: realize I didn't specify which one... it's the WCAG21 link here.

* [ ] Unusual words, or words taking on a very specific meaning in context, are always defined for the user, either on the page (e.g. using footnotes) or with links to a definition/glossary. Provides pronunciation guides for especially unusual words of particular importance.
* [ ] Provides content in a variety of forms and styles: screencasts, text, webinars/lectures, practical exercises, etc. Whenever possible, multiple forms/styles should be incorporated in each module so learners have multiple avenues to the content.
* [ ] Avoids unnecessarily gendered language (e.g. uses "they" singular rather than "he or she" for an unknown person).
* [ ] Informative link text (e.g. instead of "To learn more about python, click [here](www.example.com)", say "Read this article to [learn more about python](www.example.com).")
* [ ] Includes accurately formatted and functional link to feedback form.

#### Organization

* [ ] Clear, informative headers and sensible hierarchical structure (the TOC in the left margin should give a good overview of the content convered)
* [ ] Adheres to the module template structure
* [ ] Uses specially formatted highlight boxes consistently and appropriately

> * [ ] Short, digestable pieces --- avoids long paragraphs and break long sections up with sub-headers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] Short, digestible pieces --- avoids long paragraphs and breaks long sections up with sub-headers
```

## Formative assessment

> * [ ] Frequent formative assessment in the form of knowledge checks and/or hands-on exercises

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] Frequent [formative assessment](https://www.cmu.edu/teaching/assessment/basics/formative-summative.html) in the form of knowledge checks and/or hands-on exercises
```

Formative assessment may not be a familiar term to contributors outside the educational space -- seems like a good time to practice what we preach :wink: 
This is just the first link when I googled formative assessment -- we can always use another if someone has a preferred resource!

A module in this project will be brief (one hour or less) and therefore of limited, well-described scope.  Consider not only what you teach about, but what you intentionally exclude.  It may be useful to map a plan of 2, 3, or more modules that teach related skills and together provide broad coverage, but remember that modules are freestanding.  Modules can describe pre-requisite skills, but cannot ask learners to have acquired the necessary skills from other modules.  For example, a module covering the use of n-grams in NLP should not include a pre-requisite such as "previous completion of the module Introduction to NLTK in Python", but could include "previous experience with NLTK and the ability to ingest text data in Python", perhaps with a link to a related module for learners who would like to acquire such experience there.

</details>

<details>
<summary>Scope and Style </summary><br/>

A module in this project will be brief (one hour or less) and therefore of limited, well-described scope.  The topics we present are often complex and

</details>

> 

Author: haha yep I will remove!
